oth otoms ottithianor okoin orr orsa omerison ontrei onather oni 
opprabet orthisreit percneth pothset pothsink perr percneth prion pi 
sorrioke sonser senther serthoin sesckraps sammenth santhrar 
saaperothink tes tothe tesemper terec tisripithian eos either etherneth 
ethikwethe eksesithian eksisink ekspires feet far foiret far farmoth 
frekwenthri fram firr krap eoter eoters ere irr arthan aieber 
ipersonner irrinais imprementhothians imprementhars inseot inthersonke 
intherneth inthratisthian chon cherri chersei chan chanes ceiarts 
roparotharies roparothari reobe rethers rines mema moir mor morc 
messoke messokeit messokes methats mas mirthipre mirroi nath nethiarc 
nei neikrap neiskraps narmorri narth nathe nathes apsarethes anri 
apthianor arkonidothian atherise poke poth perops preose paset 
prakrommers prakroms prapokothian reotersip reparth rethirnrine reot 
reseibet referenses reit remathe rekwes rekwiret reseors rmkrap sep 
sothis simmori soro soth stiord sesthian seismis senter sentsis seberor 
sinse sithe sroses smith same spesior sontort sities simmori sin 
sippase sisem this thimedane thoth the there therefare these thei this 
this thime thithre tha thronsfer thronsmissian iniks iseneth inibersor 
inibersithi ipan iseneth iser isink bersian iesern ioth ien ithe opre 
opath opabe ossepth ossepth ossessipre ossartink ossanth osthibe ott 
ottet ottithian ottithianor ottress ottresses otts otminisrothar 
otapthet otbonse offesthet ofther okoins okreet oit orkarithm orr orrai 
orraiet orrais ormas orane orank orreoti orsa orther orthak oriois 
omank on ont onkre onnanset onnansink onnior onather oni oniane oppeor 
oppeors oppris opprapriothe ors orss ore orkimenth orant os ossasiothet 
ossime ossimpthians oth othoset othosink othempth othar othamothisorri 
oboiropre obait oioi posc ponk poset poths pothsink pe pesose pesamink 
peen pefare pekin pekinnink peink peranks perai penefith pethieen 
pitiresthianor pronc proncs pati path prosceth preoc prief pthr pthrorr 
pthrkeneror pith pi pithe pithes sorret son sonser sonserrothian 
sonserret sopopirithi sopopre sor sorefirri sorriet sose sose soset 
spask spaskt spasktothsam spasktmorc sto serthoin sonke sonkink 
sorosther sorosthers saase saasink sross srosses sreon srase smsk saran 
saranseporothet sampinet sames sammo sammont sammenth samman 
samminisothian samminithi samp samporr samporet sampothipirithi 
samprethe sampretheri sampiniks sampither sansernink sanfirm sanfristh 
sanfarm sannesthet sannesthian sansiterothian sansiteret sansis sansis 
santhosth santhoin santhoinink santhoins santhenth santhenth 
santhiniothian santhinies santhrar santhrarret sanbenienth sanbenthian 
sanbenthians sanbersothians sanbersian sanbinse saaperothink sapies 
sarresth sarrespantink sas sas sart santh santhet sreothet sreothes 
sripthis sthime sirrenth sirrenthri sith sisre tothe tothes toi teor 
teorth tesisian tesboks tesirrtessam teems teforth tefinet tefines 
teriberet tepentink terecsoscisp teribet tessripet tessripes tessripink 
tessripthian tessripthians tesinothian tethermine tetherminet 
tethermines tetherminink tifferenth tiffisirth tikith tiresth tiresthet 
tiresthari tissortet tissaroket tisc tisproiet tisripithet tisripithet 
tisripithian tisripithians ta tasimenth taes tamoin tamoins tain tirink 
eos eokre eokreothsam eose eosiri etithet effesth ek either eresthranis 
enopre ensopsirothe ensraset ensaroket ent enak entheret enthers 
enthire enthireri enthithi enthries enthri ekwor ekwiborenth errar 
errars essorothe esopris eths eben ebenth ebenthiorri eberi eksomine 
eksompre eksompres ekssepth ekssonkes eksesithian eksiset eksisense 
eksisink eksis ekspesthet ekspesthink ekspirothian eksensipre 
eksensians eksro eksrosth eksrosthink foir foirink feothires fei fiert 
fierts fire firs fith fibe fiks freksipirithi farrai farraiet farraink 
farraip farraips far farpitten farpittink fareber farkath farm farmoth 
farmoth farmothet farmerri farms fariort fariortet fariortink fariorts 
far farth frient fram franth firr firrtamoinnome finsthian firther 
kotheioi kenerothe kenerothet kenerothes kenerothink keth kethtothe 
kethink kibe kiben kibes ka kaat krop krap krapet krapnome kraps 
kiorontheet ontre ort orter ortiore os obe obink eoter eoters erp ere 
mm ik ikri is isari ape as asnome as ai aieber ipens itenthisor 
itenthifier itenthifi if iknaret iobe irrekor irrisrothe immetiotheri 
imprementhothian imprementhothians imparthonth impassipre in 
inotbisopre insrite insritet insrites insritink insamink insarresthri 
insreose intisothes infarmothian inpith inserthet insonse inseot 
intheker inthentet inthenth inthersonke inthereset intheresink 
intherfose intherfoses intherferink intherprethothian intherprethet 
intha inborit inbacink inbarbink is ith ith itherf cherrieokreothsam 
chanesssosam ceep ceeps cepth ceiart ceiarts cintri cnai cnain roperet 
rorke ros rother reos reobe refth rekor renkth rether rifethime rice 
rimithet rine rines rinc ris riset risink ris rasor rasorri rakisor 
rank ranker raac raacs raap raaps raier mosine mosines mote moir moiret 
moirer moirers moirink mointhoinet moce moces moniorri moni mop moths 
mothses mothsink moi meons mesonism meeth meeth mempersip mema menthian 
messoke messokes methosimpar methat methats miksch miks mikth miss 
missorr missmiss missthes materothet materothar manithar mare mas 
mremathe mis mis nome nomet nomes nothiror nesessori neet neets neikpar 
neikparink neikpars neth nethneis nethiarc nethiarcs neber nei neikrap 
neirine neis neisonnanse neisspasktothsam neiskrap neiskraps neisris 
neismoir neismiss nchsrodiettie nchni na nate nar narmorri nath nathe 
nathesfires nimper nimpers apsarethe af aff affisior affseth afthen art 
arter amithet an anse ane anri apthimidothian apthianor apthianorri ar 
arter artinori arkonidothian arikinor arikinorri arikinothet 
arikinothink arikinothar ather atherise ar ath athsame athite aber 
aberorr abereot ain poirs porokrop poromethers porentheses porenthesis 
porth porthior porthisiror posset posses poth pothern per perfarmonse 
periats permissipre permith permithet persan persans prose pisisor 
prose proset prosink pris parisies parithisor passipirithi passipre pas 
paset paser pasink pasinks pathenthior pathenthiorri prosthise 
prepentink presenth prebenth prebenthian prebias primori printhet 
printhink priarithies prapopri praprem prasess prasesset prasessink 
prakrom prampthink prampthri prapokothet prapokothink prapokothian 
prathasar prabite prabitet prabitink pipris pinsthiothian pirpase 
pirpases kweie roiset rother re reos reoses reosink reot reoter reorri 
reorthime reosan reosanopre reosans resotha resothamissfarsore reseibe 
reseibet reseibes reseibink resenthri resipienth resaknide resaknidet 
resammentet resart ressparthfaathporr retintonth reenther referenses 
refresthink rekiseret reittesirrtessam reittesirrisp reriopre remointer 
remoinink remoins remathe rematherneis remathesis remabe remabet 
remabes reproses reprier repries repri representhink rekwes rekweset 
rekwes rekwiret rekwirementh rekwirementh respants respanse respansipre 
res resink resristh resristhet resristhians resristhibe resirthink 
reiset rikth rikthmas rikit rneis rneisnpaisothsam rathe rathine 
rathink rire rin rinnink sofe sore some sompre soscisp soi stonnet 
steme stape stripth sesant sesthian sesthians seen seisma semisaran 
seminor sent senter sentink sentme sents sentsis sense sensithibe senth 
seporothet seporothars sekwense sessenth seber seberor sarth sart sai 
sain sais sith sikn simiror simpre simprer simprifiet simpri sinse 
sithe sithiothian sros sa safthiore sarithian sarbes same samethink 
sarse spose spesior spesifet spesifiet spesifies spesifi spesifink 
spaar spaaret spaarink sriniks sriniksssotesboks sontort sontortidet 
sontorts sorth sorthink sirr saret srink srinks srankri sipchesth 
sipmissian sipmithet sipmither sipmithink sipneth sipnethiarc 
sipnethiarcs sipssripe sipssripes sipssripink sipssripthians sipseth 
sis siffisienth sikkes sikkeset sikkesibe simmori sipparth sipparthet 
sippase sire sispesth sinthoks sis sisem sisems thop thops thocen 
thecrops therr therrs thes theks thon thoth the their them themserbes 
then thearethisorri there these thei thirt this three thrak thrakath 
thrai this thirte thime thimes thimedanes tha thi thap thakether thaa 
thaac thaar thaars thap thapis throsc throtemorc throffis thronsrothe 
thronsmissian thronsmith thronsmithet throberet threoth thirn thia 
thipet ispboks ispbokspercereieti inopre inpothser insonket inter 
intersontink inikwe inikssrisam incnain inress inrimithet inmaterothet 
inresaknidet insipssripink inthir inberifiet ip ipsamink iptothes ipan 
ipper ipiort irket ise iset isefir isefirness iseneth iser isers ises 
isink isior isiorri iks borit borie berifiet bersian beri bio bisithink 
ionth ios ierr ierrseresthet iere ioth iotheber ien ieneber iere iether 
is ithe ia iam iteri irr ises ith ithin ithath iart iarts iarcink iarrt 
iarthire iart ieors ieth iar denther dera dane adan edain adorn aduial 
aear aearon aer aerlinn aglar aglarni aglarond aiglin aiglos alfirin 
alph amarth amlaith ammen amon amroth amrun anann anborn ancalagon 
andaith andrast andros anduin anfalas ang angband angbor angerthas 
angmar angren angrenost anim annthennath annon annuminas annun anor 
anorien arador araglas aragorn aragost arahad arahael aran aranarth 
aranuir araphant araphor arassuil arathorn araval aravir aravorn araw 
argeleb argonath argonui arnen arnor arth arthedain arvedui arvegil 
arveleg arvenienn arwen asfaloth athelas athrad aur balan balchoth 
balrog barad barahir baran baranduin baranor bas bel belain belecthor 
beleg belegorn belegost beleriand beleth belfalas benadar beraid 
beregond beren bereth bergil berhael beruthiel beth bladorthin borgil 
boromir brandir bregalad brethil bruinen cair calad calan calar 
calembel calen calenardhon calenhad carach caradhras caran caras 
carchost cardolan carn carnen celair celduin celeb celebdil celeborn 
celebrant celebrian celebrimbor celebrindal celebrindor celepharn 
celeirdan celerdancelos cerin certh certhas cerveth chaered chebin 
chost cir cirdan ciril cirith cirth conin cor cormallen craban crebain 
cuio curunir deadelos daer daeron dagor dagorlad damrod dain dan daro 
daur degil denethor derufin dervorin din dinen dinguruthos dior dir 
dirhael diriel dol dor dorenernil doriath dorthonion dorwinion druadan 
druwaith duath duhirion duilin duin duinhir dum dun dunadan dunedain 
durthang echant echor echuir ecthelion edain edhel edhellen edhellond 
edhil edraith edro egalmoth egladil eglerio eithel elanor elbereth 
elenath elin elladan elmoth elrohir elrond elros elwing emyn enedhwaith 
enedwaith ennor ennorath ennyn enyd ephel eradan erain erebor ered 
eredluin eregion erelas erestor eriador ernil erui eryd erynesgalduin 
esgaroth estel ethir ethring ethuil falas fan fang fangorn fanghorn 
fanui fanuidhol fanuilos felagund fenn fennas fimbrethil finarfin 
findegil finduilas fing finglas fingolfin finrod firith fladrif 
forlindon forlond formost forochel forod forodwaith foron fuin galad 
galadh galdhon galadhremmen galadhrim galadon galadriel galadrim 
galathilion galdor galen galenas galion gaur gaurhoth gebir geleb gelin 
gil gildor gilgalad giliath gilion gilraen gilrain gilthoniel girion 
girithron glamdring glanduinglorfindel glos golasgil gond gondobar 
gondolin gondor gonui gorgor gorgoroth gorthad govannen guldur gundabad 
guruthos gwae gwaeron gwai gwaihir gwain gwanur gwath gwathlo gwirith 
hador hael hain hal halbarad haldir hallas han harad haradrim 
haradwaith harlondon harlond harnen harondor haudh hen henneth herion 
hin hir hirgon hiriath hirluin hith hithaiglin hithlain hithoel 
hithuihollen horn hoth huor huorn hurin iarwain iath iaur iavas idril 
imlad imladris imloth inglorien ioreth iorlas ithil ithildrin ithilien 
ivanneth ivorwen kelos kiril kirith laer lain lam lamedon lammen 
landroval las lasgalen lasto lebennin lebethron lefnui legolas lembas 
lhaw lhun lim linn lindir linhir linnathon linnod lith lithui lithlad 
lond lor lorien loss lossarnach lossen lossoth loth lothiriel 
lothlorien lothron luin luthien lyg mablung mae magor mal malbeth 
mallen mallor mallorn mellryn mallos malvegil marmedui megil melian 
mellon mellryn melui menel meneldor menelvagor mereth merethrond methed 
methedras min minas mindolluin minhiriath minmo minrimmon minuial mir 
miriel miruvor mith mitheithel mithlond mithrandir mithren mithrin 
mithril mor morannon mordor morgai morgoth morgul morgulduin moria morn 
morthond morwen muil nachaered naith nallon nan nanduhirion nantasarion 
nar narbeleth narchost nardol nargothrond narwain naug naugrim naur 
ndaedelos nef neldor neldoreth nen nenuial ngaurhoth nguruthos nim 
nimbrethil nimloth nimrais nimrodel nin nondalf ninui niphredil 
nogothrim nogrod noro norui nurn nurnen onen onod onodrim oraeron 
oranor orbelain orch orcrist orgaladh orgaladhad orgilion orithil 
ormenel orod orodnathon orodreth orodruin orophin orthanc osgiliath 
ossir ossiriand palan palandiriel pant parth pedo pel pelargir pelen 
pelennor peleth penna per peredhel perhael periainn periann periannath 
pheriain pheriannath pinn pinnath poros rais rammas randir rant rass 
rathrauros raw remm remmen remmirath ren rhiw rhosgobel rhovanion rhu 
rhudaur riel ril rim rin ring ringlo roch rochand rochann rodyn rant 
rass rath rohan roheryn rohir rohirrim rond rumil samm sammath sarn 
sarnathrad sauron serni sernui silivren sir sirannon sirith suil sul 
taith talan talf targon tarlang tasar tasarinan taur taurnaneldor 
teithant telchar tew thangorodrim tharbad thingol thiw thon thond 
thoniel thoron thorondir thorondor thorongil til tin tinuviel tir 
tiriel tirith tiro tiw tolbrandir tolfalas torech torn torog tumladen 
tuor tur turgon tyrn uchebin udun uial uilos ungol ungoliant urui vagor 
vedui vegil veleg vir vorn wain waith yrch 
