abilasha achit aditi akuti amita isti nikebe aganggit ingkadaz mawaji 
ambangkir iridot awibish ayamam trabim kapam ugagit adevar indakash 
tharum chipanu mapuv phoral patsuz epapar mireba anipaz ruyoba mukont 
ivukez izengkaz utapart nempar aranthot pendez entembiz apubosh 
ashanish tikor kunggot awabash emmadert irvupal ayabum anangkuv thiyum 
antephiz therate kebama kibish thipaz thuyont ojirit moreme apanil 
apigaz utantam kijimi pedepa utevur inggetsum tharuv embanchom mawal 
nayat rukabi imbempil umuzhaz agenim changkaz adoshush nontombu kinggez 
embapaz thangkato ireyot unggangki chapiwa otempez andakaz kuwam 
puyangki trewal tupiji phejido otrundez inchevul ozhujiz iwawart 
chiwangki mawat abanggaz panggash ongkagish ingkuyim obuthav thembengge 
ijichash urvongkort trinil chubash mipant phingkono thukabe angganchur 
kiwat renggize trenggodo ugabit champibe enchabal rampunt upazert 
phikiga igiwor umpishum chongkumpi atengkaz pantet ivuzhash charangka 
atsunirt changkaya thodegu iyatant uyuwash anemart ikopil rungkepi 
ampithot eshamish manggewa rambuka thanggende akipiz keniji 
anumanogatanure ateremeselebeyekarometozene metubetumakupakutulu 
tiyatroya gitmek evet yarin bulunuyor mukemmel hazir dyeri dikkatle 
hayatta bashari yemek odasindaki kanarya sarisi perdesini sizi aksama 
beklerim mektubu teshekkur ederim gazete yakinda amerikaya yolumuzu 
zavalli eskiden ziyaret kalkar kapiyi misiniz kalemi delmek sunmak 
aramak atlamak pothset serthin tothe tesemper ither ekspires fet 
intherson cherri cherse rines methats narth poke referense simmori 
spesior therefare iseneth isink ottress orrai orank onather pefare pati 
sansitero tothe tesisian enthire enthithi errar eksis shro fierts 
farrain farmoth kiben orter immetioth inpith reobe riset risink mosines 
moniorri mesonism meth miks nome nekap nismor nchni chna chno chnu nate 
nimper arter apthianor arikinoth periats permith persans prose paset 
prothise presenth prebias printhin prasess rathine seporotha seber sain 
sithe sarse sipither simithin sipparthe sinthoks theks thir roberet 
thirn inter intersont inrimithe inmaterot isefirnes ises isiorri 
bersian ioth anthenna echantec erelaser guldurgu imladim vornwain 
thailier polpedrot doseme anu anupama anurada aparajita aparna amit 
amitab amitava amulya ankur annirudda anshul arjun arun asija asuman 
asvathama atul atulya avinash balavan balik brigu budev buvan chandra 
chapal depak devarsi devesh darma darmavira dilip dinesh dinkar 
duranjaya durjaya eknath phalgun gagan gutam gurav harsh hemal hemant 
hitesh iravan jivana jitendra kailash kalpanath kamadev kartikeya kavi 
keshav kirit kishore kushan lakshman lalit madan madav mahesh maitreya 
manavendra manik manish mukul mukunda nabendu nachik nakul namdev 
nandin narayana nel neraj nihar nimai niraj omarjet pallab pandya 
paramartha partha pramath pramsu pranav prashant prason prem prithu 
privrata pundarik puranjay raivata raj rajan rajesh rajiv rantidev ravi 
ravindra rohit roshan samir sampath samat sanat sandep sanjog sankara 
sapan sarasvan sarat satyen sunak saurab shailesh shalab shawat 
shailesh shishir svetank siddarth shriram shridar subod sudesha sudeva 
sukarman sukumar sumantu sundara sunil taksa tarun tapan tarang uttam 
uttanka vairaja varun vasant vidvan vija vikram vikrant viraj virasana 
virat visvakarman vivek waman yash yashovar yashpa zev 
