acos aldrya aleshmara annilla aptanace arachne solara araganthosas 
aranea argan argar arkat artmal asrelia atyar aurelion babeester gor 
bagog bolongo brastalos cacodemon caladra chalana arroy cronisper daga 
daka fal daliath danfive xaron daruda dayzatar deezola dehore dendara 
donandar dormal drospoly ehilm eiritha ernalda etyries eurmal faranar 
flamal framanthe gagarth gark gata gbaji genert gerlant glorantha 
godunya golod gorgorma gustbran harana ilor heler himile hobimarong 
hon-eel hrestol humakt humct hwarin dalthippa hyalor hykim mikyh ikadz 
inora iphara irrippi ontor issaries jakaleel jeset jmijie kajabor 
kargan tor keraun kolat krarsht krjalk kyger litor lamsabi lanbril 
larnste lhankor mhy lodril lokarnos loon lorian lumavoxvoran lux 
magasta mahome malia malkion manthi maran gor mastakos mee vorala 
metsyla mikaday mirintha molanni mostal murthdrya natea nelat noruma 
nyanka nysalor odayla ompalam orenoar orlanth ourania pamalt paslac 
phargon pocharngo polaris ragnaglar rasout ratslaff saliligor seseine 
selarn shavaya sikkanos slor subere talor teelo norri telask thalurzni 
thanatar thed tholaina tien triolina tsankth ty kora tek tylenea uleria 
umath umbrol vadrus valind valkaro valzain vangono varchulanga vivamort 
voria vovisibor vrimak wachaza waertag waha wakboth worlath xemela 
xentha xiola umbar yamsur yanafal tarnils yanmoria yara aranis yelm 
yelmalio yelorna yinkin zaktirra zaramaka zong zorak zoran zzabur argin 
brostange forang farosh gaiseron aggar agria ajaak akasta akem alatan 
aldachur alehandro alkoth spol argrath arkat armorn arnlor arsden 
arstola aruzban asgolan azilos baka balazar ballid banajasab basim 
basmol bastis baustin oskor belathgert belstos bikhy bina bang boneric 
borin boshan godunya brithini brol can shu carantes carman celmac chang 
tsai charg chi ting cho choralinthor daran janube naskorion otkorion 
sentanos smelch col congern corflu corola corostis darmangon culonmac 
dagori inkarth dangim dangk dara happa daran darjiin darleep defin 
anostos delecti delela luatha deu dilis dital dombain dona dorastor 
dorkath doskior dranz golo drom porfain ease easval egajia egarun 
einpor elz ast erengazor erenplose erontree esrol estal estau 
estaurenic ethilrist fanza fazzur feethos felster fethlon fiesive 
filichet fornoar foyalfine fral angor fraltigern fronela frowal fuknama 
galastar galin garsting garundyer garusharp gilboch ginorth gio gonn 
orta goropheng grachamagacan graclodont grombul guhan guiching guilmarn 
gundreken h'har as jing hachuan shan halikiv handra hanjan harandash 
haranshold haraxalur harrek harstar helby hendreiki heortland hingswell 
holay holut hrelar amali hsiang wan hsin yin hsunchen damal kralorela 
rathor telmor uncoling icilius imolo wen imther istakax ivex jairn 
janan vartool jankley bore jarngror jaubon jhor jillaro jolo jonatela 
joranit jord jorri jrustel junor kaisen kallyr kanthor karasal karse 
karstall kartolin kaufan destrino kaxtorplose keanos ketha khorst 
kilwin kitor kocholang koromondol kost kostaddi kuchawn kui hui lankst 
laonan tao laufol laurmal leplain lokow loskalm lur nop garusharp 
harandros mokwaha manday manir marost matkondu mazan melib ouri 
meriatan mirin mislar modaings moirades molene moralatap morocanth 
mortasor mulliam nevs nidan nimistor noastor nochet nolos noloswal 
noran noyelle okarn oral-ta oranor orathorn oraya orgrol ormsgone 
orninior oslir ozur palamtales palbar paps pasos pavis peidin pelor 
pent perfe pithdaros pomona pomons porent porfain pralorela prax print 
puchai quinscion raibanth ralios ralzakark ramal rascius rathorela 
argan argar kalikos siglolf tolat yuthu zitro argon retrint rhis 
rindland rist bailifes blackmor colymar volsax congern ryzel safelster 
saird salisor salona saranko sartar saug segurane sentanos seshnela sha 
ming shiyang skanth smelch snodal sodal sofal sog solanth solanthos 
sor-eel spol storal suam chow surantyr surkorion syanor sylila syndics 
syran talar malaskan talastar tanier tanisor tara tarasdal tarins tarsh 
tastolar tawars telmor temertain teshnos theoblanc thoskal timms 
tinaros tink tiskos torang tork tortun trowjang tung shiu tzu lung 
ulifilas uton uzgor valant valind valsburg vanch vargatyr varnaro 
varskolin varthulwal vaska long vent vesmonstran voi volonne voshfrei 
wanzow wexten wokistan worian yao fune yolanela yolp yuthuppa zanozar 
zorakarkat 
