tologra trarch beagre dharmee dreglamon duradon losht scragger slutch 
vintch vodra cankle busk doul hilc keether rimeen ambreh mathin 
shirm-eh thon chausis dullurgronsloth hars snoggard sharwa nals nothim 
mershwa golbin flug ransley crebb shrin frillig flornblott drind 
ragsnath grunther daclish leclur fraznt reltha morfu edwain yoplon 
morthma jorgen ullens yonia gren olion pleathers eelshon she-evid 
abahth acubon ahdis anasan ardoth arrigish auss awss aylon blosh blount 
boc-rod boccord bochigon boru bronth burdoth caji cali-shafra cashiln 
cerridus challisk chaln docha chaln-imagri chaun-tse chawgis chell 
chen-ichi chiveer cie-ebba cle-eshta cleash clep cletch coddins coditch 
coleel condrij copra coprate corastin corondon cosahmi crendor creshi 
crethin crill crith croid crondij crudge crugar cryshell cygra daij 
daijic desti dhar dhar-corondon dharlerin dharsage dichandra diyorda 
doben-al dobre drail drenn drennit du durlig dysha dytes trinnu ebba 
enclep enervor entren eris fadri farg galsh-aca gashten gauthi gawmen 
lenk giddyne giggit gilthaw gire girrig gissyne githerin gobey heridoth 
herris hishtins illidge inclep iscin isho jampers jasp jorune kadija 
rhen kayedi kee kern kesht kesktia khaun gauss khodre kim kimit klade 
kuggin lamorri launtra leesh ebeeca lelligire lerrin lih limilate 
lirjin locurian grunder lundere lystra mandare miedrinth muadra mullin 
naull ninindrue pibber querrid ramian rilij rinis ros crendor rurvi 
tchorko rusper salu sarceen scarmis scedri scrade shaharras shal shambo 
shantha sharrid shast shenters shissic sho-caudal sho-sen sho sholari 
silipus sychill talmaron tan-iricid tan-sor tarro tauch-kie tauther 
techindol pib temauntro tenter-shines thailier thantier thisting thivin 
thombo thone thriddle tlesk tlon toth tothis tra trid triddis tristy 
vinteer voligire vosule wholl whosins woffen yobre yord yordeh yordigs 
assydre reet tsulya udah doben-al salam'arine ellipie liggnie durlis 
kauthnie kaigon sobayid laindis cavris joble baysis coise lusail 
cushindell phalmre delmre suh'larvan saller s'nabla scolia sydra sodrin 
ailaudra lus'ikai gendis ayns elds syls roise callips ardis glounda 
turrus hoit allidoth monerey sutor sorcle san loo'hoss delbah bleece 
albah saybah accaptas essanja essejee polpedroth sood bord burroo d'loo 
chvans seld bopley vamdrey yucid meard elcrellia hie mairamin soitle 
koistra ellih sholis alligre esh-eye ellemin dowsen ments sommint york 
simbi korrid ellcor tahs kymay herrmoe doo'sah herbis nayine d'lang 
coomis dich sho-ecta durris dryce oiders moether dharwin draugna othen 
vintch vintra austin derrid cassadons lorgin pesade bohoo hudson kipkle 
clavis lola sharben tocour wolton arkin persis laprendell es'wother 
rappenat cryeh t'lane laysis sobrinth danes hailer ald manser t'haynian 
kinster lelsh ellelsh palzer anamber lorri setta chelly 
